¿À¨d∂µ•ÿ: CT of Liver w/o Contrast 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
Computed Tomography of Liver With and Without Enhancement Show: 
**No previous study on CGMH PACS for comparison 
 
Findings:   
Calcified coronary arteries at risk of CAD. 
Calcification in mitral valve 
No pericardial effusion 
No definite pulmonary nodule in visual field. 
Heterogenously enhanced lesion with washout in delay phase at S6(0.9cm),S4/8(4.2cm), favoring HCCs 
Another equivocal washout lesion in S7/8 liver(2.2cm) and S8(2.27cm), also HCC or dysplastic nodule? 
Two hypodense lesion without evident enhancement in S4/8(2.2cm) and LLS(1.25cm), nature to be determined, could be cysts. 
Calcification in S7 liver 
Tubular enhancing lesion in S4 liver favoring focal AP shunting 
Dilatation of left IHD 
S/P ERCP with biliarty stent upper tip in hilar region 
Contrast medium retention in gallbladder and colon due to prior procedure 
Air content in IHDs and gallbladder, favoring post procedure change 
Patency of main portal vein and right portal vein, partial opacification of left portal vein, cannot rule out partial thrombus in left portal vein 
Coronary vein(12.7mm) and splenorenal shunt(12mm) 
Prominent gastric varices 
Liver cirrhosis, no evident ascites 
Nodules inferior and anterior to the spleen favoring accessory spleen. 
Normal function and contour of bil. kidneys and no definite obstructive uropathy. 
No adrenal nodules 
No definite enlargement of retroperitoneal LNs  . 
No abnormal fluid collection in the abdomen  .  
Linear calcification of aorta and its major branches 
Kindly note that subtle mucosal lesion could not be well evaluated on routine CT.  
Focal collaspe at the visualized  colon; colonic annular lesion(s) can not be  
excluded by the examination. 
No definite destructive bony lesion of scan field 
 
IMP: 
* Liver cirrhosis, no evident ascites. 
* Heterogenously enhanced lesion with washout in delay phase at S6(0.9cm), S4/8(4.2cm), favoring HCCs. 
* Equivocal early washout lesion in S7/8 liver(2.2cm) and S8(2.27cm), HCC or dysplastic nodule? 
* Dilatation of left IHD and suspicious partial thrombus in left portal vein. 
* Coronary vein(12.7mm) and splenorenal shunt(12mm) 
* Pneumobilia