¿À¨d∂µ•ÿ: CT of Liver w/o Contrast 
------------------------------------------------------------ 
CT of the liver with pre-contrast & triphasic contrast enhancement studies show:   
Techniques:  
From lower chest to liver inferior edge in 5-mm contiguous section  
Contrast agent  injected at 2ml/sec, 30 sec after initiation of injection, starting arterial phase scan; portal phase scan performed in 20 sec after the end of the arterial phase scan; and venous phase scan began in 20 sec after the end of portal phase scan 
 
Findings: 
 
Left lower lung patchy consolidation  
Nodules (°q1cm) in left lingular lobe and bil. lower lung . 
Enlarged right cardiophrenic, supradiaphragmatic, perigastric and peripnacreatic  LNs  
No definite space occupying lesion in the  spleen   
Ill define poor enhancing mass in pancrease body(2.6cm) and tail(5.6cm) 
Ill define poor enhancing tumors in bil. liver , favor metastasis  
Tumor invasion and occlusion of splenic vein . 
Tumor encasement/invasion of portomesenteric junction of portal vein  
No definite biliary dilatation  . 
Gallbladder  stones. 
L''t adrenal nodule (1.9cm)  
Patency of portal vein. 
Wedge shape non-enhancing area in right kidney . 
Left renal cysts  
No definite hydronephrosis. 
Enhancing peritoneal nodules with ascites  
No definite enlargement of retroperitoneal LNs  . 
Filling defect in right femoral vein . 
No free air in the abdomen  . 
No definite bone destruction. 
Kindly note that subtle mucosal lesion could not be well evaluated on routine CT. 
 
IMP: 
 
1.Ill define poor enhancing tumors in bil. liver , favor metastasis . 
2.Bil. lower lung nodules, can not excluded metastasis . 
3.Enhancing peritoneal nodules with ascites , suspect carcinomatosis . 
4.Wedge shape non-enhancing area in right kidney, infarction? 
5.Ill define tumors in pancrease body and tail with splenic vein and portomesenteric junction invasion .Favor pancreatic cancer . 
6.Filling defect in right femoral vein, favor deep vein thrombosis . 